Are you using when here?
>> Using vim.
>> Yeah, vim
>> I always use Vim, okay?
It's literally my entire online
shtick is the fact that I use Vim.
And I might be like the second fastest,
there's word that George Hotz
is faster than me.
I don't know.
But one day we'll have a competition.
Maybe he'll join me and
do a 25 algorithm super speed run.
>> I might have another bug.
>> Gosh, please do.
>> If you do remove undefined.
And current is undefined.
Well, everything will just blow up
>> No so let's look at that.
That's good question.
So the question was,
if we did remove undefined and
current undefined would we blow up?
Well one, you'd have to be breaking
the contract which you did.
The duty is ignore which we all
know when you do that you have to
go work at Facebook for a year.
So nobody wants to go do that, right?
It's a joke, enjoy the joke.
So there's plenty of people that
wanna work my best friends,
[SOUND] [LAUGH] My views are my own,
okay, anyway.
[LAUGH]
>> Second,
this right here is the value
that we're comparing.
It's the container node
So it's not
>> So I could break it,
[INAUDIBLE]
>> No ,no it's the container node even if
you did break the contract, what would
end up happening is that, remember,
it's the containing node or
it's the container's value
that we're comparing, right?
So currents.value would have
to then equal undefined.
Which means that current does exist,
which means that it could be removed.
>> Sure-
>> [CROSSTALK]
>> [INAUDIBLE]
>> Yes, you'd actually have to instantiate
this thing.
Can you even do that?
Can you do const test equals
doubly linked list, undefined?
Is that possible?
Besides for
the fact that I'm not You can't do that.
Really, did I just,
my goodness, what am I doing?
There we go.
Yeah, okay, that makes sense.
Well does make any sense I don't know
why you do that but yes you can do that.
That doesn't break anything, right?
Because it's the value that
we're comparing at right?
So since we're not comparing the node,
we're comparing the value
within the container.
So that means it has to be a value
provided which means my node does exist,
which means I should be able to remove it.
>> And the methods you have
written are mainly for JavaScript.
>> I think what I did is I
honestly went to Java list and
took Oracle helps my goodness,
[SOUND] I took a lot of these not
contains all get there is removed.
So you have a remove index,
we can't overload functions.
So I'd like rename them remove
became remove at, remove object,
right there became this whole thing.
>> Is there any specific
reason you have chosen Java or
JavaScript when doing this coding for
the building list?
>> So the reason why I chose JavaScript
over Java, that's the question and so
the-
>> Java or
JavaScript I think you have
shown the Java methods right?
>> Yeah I showed the Java methods because
Java is a fairly complete language and
it's a pretty easy language to show a lot
of computer science kind of topics and
right?
It's easy it's safer you're not
gonna [INAUDIBLE] Yourself.
You bet you will get no
pointer exceptions right?
You will get these other things,
it's a fairly simple language to
kind of make these comparisons in.
So I just kind of brought it over I
used TypeScript because it's the most
accessible language right now.
C is obviously the best because it really
just shows you that raw memory is raw
memory and you tell it what it is and
that's what it is, right?.
And so I didn't do it that way.